EIOPA
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority
Westhafenplatz 1
60327 Frankfurt am Main
Germany


XBRL TOOL FOR UNDERTAKINGS
Terms and Conditions 


1. License

EIOPA is the owner of the intellectual property rights on the software 
program “Tool for Undertakings” (hereinafter referred to as “the 
Software”). EIOPA values the importance of the open source community and 
has made the Software below available in compliance with the European 
Union Public License (hereinafter referred to as “EUPL”).

EIOPA grants You a license to use the Software subject to the terms and 
conditions of the latest version of the EUPL, as published on the website 
https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/community/eupl/og_page/eupl. The Software 
licensed under the EUPL may be copied, distributed, and/or modified by 
You in accordance with the terms and conditions of the EUPL.

Under no circumstances may any additional terms and conditions be imposed 
on the use of the Software that alter or further restrict the terms and 
conditions of the EUPL.

In no event, unless mandatory under applicable law, will EIOPA be liable 
to You for damages, including any general, special, incidental or 
consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the 
program, even if EIOPA has been advised of the possibility of such 
damages.

The Software may contain third party software programs or an aggregate 
thereof. Insofar the third party software programs are integrated in the 
Software they will be subject to the EUPL. Insofar these third party 
software programs constitute a mere aggregate with the Software, their 
use remains subject to their designated license terms and conditions. 

The license on the Software is granted free of charge.


2. Release Package

The Software is distributed by means of a release package, which contains 
the following items:

- Different versions of the Software through links available on the 
  following website: https://eiopa.europa.eu;
- Documented source code;
- Release notes, including a list of resolved and open bugs and issues;
- End user documentation;
- Technical documentation.

By using the release package, you accept these terms and conditions 
including the EUPL. If you do not accept them, do not use the release 
package.

The entire Release Package is accessible here: https://eiopa.europa.eu/.


3. Maintenance and support

The Software is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY as indicated in the EUPL 
hereunder. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the 
program is with You, the end-user. In the event that the Software proves 
to be defective, You assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair 
or correction.

EIOPA does not provide any support on the Software. However, in light of 
the continuous improvement of the Software, EIOPA can make available new 
releases, upgrades or new versions of the Software on the following 
website: https://eiopa.europa.eu. 

The scope of the maintenance and support offered by EIOPA may be changed 
unilaterally by EIOPA at any time and by giving prior notice.


4. EUPL 

The latest version of the EUPL is available on the following website: 
https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/community/eupl/og_page/eupl.
